Fix filter depth limitation (#2568)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/inner_workings/known_limitations.mdx

## Maximum filter depth

**Limitation:** Meilisearch accepts filtering searches (using the `filter` search parameter) with a maximum filtering depth of 2000.

**Explanation:** Regarding filering, the depth increases when mixing and alterning `AND` and `OR` operators filters creating nested structures which can lead to a stack overflow.

### Example

The following filter with the chained `OR` operators corresponds to a depth of 1:

```sql
user = 1 OR user = 2 […] OR user = 10000
```

We got the same behavior with chained `AND` operators: the depth is still 1.

However, when mixing and alterning `AND` and `OR` operators, we create depths:

```sql
# AND is nested inside the ORs, so we have a depth of 2
id = 1 OR id = 2 AND id = 3

> # Here we have a depth of 4
> id = 1 OR (id = 2 AND (id = 3 OR (id = 4 AND id = 5)))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Here we have a depth of 4
id = 1 OR (id = 2 AND (id = 3 OR (id = 4 AND id = 5)))

# But here the depth is still 2
id = 1 OR (id = 2 AND id = 3) OR (id = 4 AND id = 5) OR id = 6
```

What do you think of adding another last example just to be sure no one thinks that mixing AND and OR *will automatically* increase the depth?

## Maximum filter depth

**Limitation:** Meilisearch accepts filtering searches (using the `filter` search parameter) with a maximum filtering depth of 2000.

> **Explanation:** Regarding filering, the depth increases when mixing and alterning `AND` and `OR` operators filters creating nested structures which can lead to a stack overflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Explanation:** mixing and alternating `AND` and `OR` operators filters creates nested logic structures. Excessive nesting can lead to stack overflow.
```

### Example

> The following filter with the chained `OR` operators corresponds to a depth of 1:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following filter is composed of a number of filter expressions. Since these statements are all chained with `OR` operators, there is no nesting:
```

```sql

> user = 1 OR user = 2 […] OR user = 10000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
genre = "romance" OR genre = "horror" OR genre = "adventure"
```

```

> We got the same behavior with chained `AND` operators: the depth is still 1.

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
Replacing `OR` with `AND` does not change the filter structure. The following filter's nesting level remains 1:

```sql
genre = "romance" AND genre = "horror" AND genre = "adventure"
```
````

> However, when mixing and alterning `AND` and `OR` operators, we create depths:
> 
> ```sql
> # AND is nested inside the ORs, so we have a depth of 2
> id = 1 OR id = 2 AND id = 3
> 
> # Here we have a depth of 4
> id = 1 OR (id = 2 AND (id = 3 OR (id = 4 AND id = 5)))
> 
> # But here the depth is still 2
> id = 1 OR (id = 2 AND id = 3) OR (id = 4 AND id = 5) OR id = 6
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
Nesting only occurs when alternating `AND` and `OR` operators. The following example fetches documents that either belong only to `user` `1`, or belong to users `2` and `3`:

```sql
# AND is nested inside OR, creating a second level of nesting
user = 1 OR user = 2 AND user = 3
```

Adding parentheses can help visualizing nesting depth:

```sql
# Depth 2
user = 1 OR (user = 2 AND user = 3)

# Depth 4
user = 1 OR (user = 2 AND (user = 3 OR (user = 4 AND user = 5)))

# Though this filter is longer, its nesting depth is still 2
user = 1 OR (user = 2 AND user = 3) OR (user = 4 AND user = 5) OR user = 6
```
````
